What is it guys I'm Mark so now you can see that we're totally done with our home page.
OK.
And now in this video we're going to be working up about page and then contact page so we will be covering
these two pages and then we'll be working up with more of these animations in the mobile optimization
to basically owlish just showing you these three pages.
The risks you can create the more you just have to basically understand that how design what is the
design and how designing a website is done.
OK.
So you can see that we have saved this and now I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit axid the visual
builder and now we have to move to the About page so you can see our home page is totally ok.
Totally amazing.
And now we have to work with the About page.
Here we go.
And this is how my about pages looking.
OK.
So I'm going to come here and I'm going to enable the visual Polder because I want to design it but
the visual Bilour and you can see that this visual Bilbrey be enabled.
OK.
And now first thing we have is to create a short header.
And that will displayed about us or about OK.
And then the below there we can just move on.
OK so I'm just going to click here and I'm going to hit the regular.
OK.
And I wanted just a full width.
I'm sorry.
Call them I need here.
And then I need to add a text right here that's going to be about us I'm going to add a heading.
Make sure that this is the one not the two.
So your heading of the header should be all these to each one because this is good for SEO.
We'll be discussing it later on.
Sorry.
OK.
I'm going to add about x ray here.
And you can see that we're done still here.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to delete it and you can see this is my about a section so I'm going to come here.
I'm going to go to the bathroom right here.
And I need to add a color.
So I'm going to go with the creating in effect.
You can see this is how I was looking.
I want to go with the black and the golden.
OK.
And now I want to go with that gradient degree.
So I want it to be this the start position and then position should go like this.
I'm just going to call it like this.
It's just build it.
Let's increase the start position.
This is what is going to come here and they need to be like this.
OK I am going to come here.
And here and I need to call it to be.
So let's just make it look great.
So I'm just going to come here and
say I think this is looking cool.
This is looking cool a bit.
And then we can make the end position to be like normal like this.
OK.
And change the start position to be here.
So you can see this blurry effect.
This is making the line look much like a can increase and decrease it if I to ok cool.
OK.
So now what I'm going to do I'm just going to come here and I can make some edits here if I want to.
OK but I want it to be a little bit more white.
So that it is not too bad.
OK let's change this color to be this and this color to be Plock
increases.
OK.
I want to come here I want to decrease disto
And let's just decrease the start position.
OK let's just decrease the end position to be more down to start position to be
cool.
OK what I'm going to do I'm just going to I'm here to discolor and I want to decrease it a bit I just
choose a bit of CCRI.
OK.
This is done.
I'm going to go I'm here I'm going to come here to this guy right here.
I'm going to click this about as text.
Now I want to go with the design the text is going to be the text I use so they should be increased.
OK.
Let's get to the heading text.
Let's just increase it.
OK.
The line height should be 0 1 m OK.
And that text should be a light.
So let's come here and chooses to be a light you can see this is how the notice is looking.
Hey I'm just going to click here and I want to decrease this this and this
ok cool.
So you can see that on until here I'm just going to come here and I'm going to add a new section and
here would be about.
So what we want to add.
So I'm just going to come here and I need a regular section and then I need full column.
OK.
Well it's had a full column A here and then here.
No no no.
OK let's come here let's just come here and let's change it to two columns.
OK.
So here we want to add here we are here we can add about us in a row here we can add about estat who
we are in here we can add some more information.
So let's just design this let's just come here and let's decrease it a bit from the top and let's decrease
it a bit from the top here.
So I'm going to go from here.
I need a text right here.
OK.
The text is here.
I need it.
Each one tag so each one slash each one
and here should be who we are OK.
Now I want to save it.
I want to change it a bit so I'm just going to change the R to the golden
OK.
And I want to change the full size of it.
I want to come here I want to click here I want to click the settings I want to go to the design I want
to go to the heading text I won't increase it.
But I want to go to the Condren fray here.
Let's go to the text and let's just change the style of this ban.
OK let's just to cories it.
And here we go.
So we need to just close this ban till you dispense well.
OK.
Here we go.
You can see that now we can change it because I'm 18.
Did I added the extra large span here.
That is why it couldn't work.
So now you can see this is totally ok.
I'm going to come here to the design right here.
I'm going to go to the heading text and I want to decrease it a bit.
OK.
Now what I want.
I need a divider.
So I'm going to come here.
I am going to click this one right here and let's add the divider.
Let's click here let's get it short divider.
Let's go to the design.
Let's go to the color.
Select the color.
It is going to be the yellow.
And when you go to this style right here the sizing and let's change it to treat him here.
It's just decreased the height of this and also to increase the height of this.
So this is not decreasing from the top side.
OK.
And it's going to decrease the vet a bit more and change it to
pay.
Let's just check it.
I just come here.
Let's just it's settings.
Let's just go to the design right here.
Sizing Alex increase a bit offside.
OK.
And just change this to be two
ok cool.
I want to go to advance of this.
OK let's click here let's go to the design right here again.
Let's go to the speccing Let's go to the margin and decrease the margins of 15 pixel 19
25 25
30 CT.
I want to go to the Condon's right here.
I want to go to the design again.
Let's go to this hazing.
Let's increase the fit of this a bit
cool.
OK.
Now we're done with this section right here.
I want to add some content down below.
So when I come here I want to click here and want to click this way.
Here again I want to go to that text because I want to text right here.
And I want to pay some tax.
So I want to come here and one copy and I want to come here and I want to paste it
OK.
We did a mistake.
I need to just bring it down to down below this header.
I need this header above OK.
So you can see this is how it is looking and it's looking totally ok.
I think I need to give them a little bit of spacing.
I want to come here to the sizing right here and I want to decrease the height of cool.
I want to go to the advance the spacing and I want this to be 25 Falak school.
OK.
Now here we want to add a little bit about us.
We want to add that what we do our mission and something like that so I'm going to click here and I
want to go down go down in here let's add something that looks cool.
So let's add another thing over a different thing.
So I'm going to go down to the pricing tables and we cannot add pricing tables.
We can have the post title No
decide Borneo Taubes terms can look good tab stops tab tabs text Tuggle talk.
OK let's edit toggle right here.
OK.
And then here I'm going to name it as our mission our mission.
And here I'm going to add some text so if I just click here it's going to open it up like this.
OK.
And there we go.
I'm going to go to the states so you can make it open.
Full open.
If you want to.
OK.
So I'm going to make the first one open.
I'm going to go to the back room right here.
So I don't need any back home here or OK I don't need any of that.
I'm going to go to the skyway here and the towel techs should be this much.
OK.
And everything works.
Cory pillow.
OK.
So I want to go to the body text body text looks cool.
I go to the border right here and I want to change the border.
I'm going to choose the border to be one pixel from both sides.
Three axles and I can change it.
It's yellow.
OK.
If I click here this is how it is.
So this is looking totally OK.
Let's just change it to be two pixel
Topix it looks cool.
OK.
What I wanted to do right now I want to just click here.
I wanted to placate it and duplicate it twice.
So I said to add one to do OK.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to go to the settings right here and I wanted the state to be closed
and this is going to be
our team.
So now I'm going to click here and I'm going to save for a here so you can see that when we load this
page.
This is our look it will look like this.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to decrease a bit of text so that it looks totally ok.
I'm going to I'm here I'm going to decrease the ticks here.
That it matches.
Term that one.
And
delete it.
OK.
It looks cool right now.
So here are just that.
OK.
So this looks.
Totally OK.
I think I should just change this line.
OK.
Perfect.
So you can see that we have our mission right here.
And then we have our team section right here.
So here we can add anything about it team if you want to.
OK.
Now what we want to do we want to add a new section down below.
So we will be adding that in the next.
So stadium guys and Buh-Bye.